Hello. Welcome to Shopify Theme Programming: Liquid, JSON and JavaScript.
This class is the sequel to my previous class,
Shopify Theme Development, how to build and customize your own online store.
If this is your first time learning with me,
my name is Chris,
and I'm a top teacher here on skillshare.com covering
topics such as web development, and online freelancing.
My first - class on
Shopify theme development covered topics like creating a development store,
using Theme Kit, and understanding theme structure.
These are all important fundamentals for Shopify theme development.
But in this class,
we're going to go deeper into the actual theme code,
and gain a better understanding of how themes are programmed.
We'll take a closer look at the templating language behind Shopify themes,
discuss how to create your own customizations using JSON schemas,
and learn about a few APIs that help you access stored data,
without having to reload the page.
By the end of the class, you have a solid understanding of how to program Shopify themes,
and the ability to create your own sections and snippets to access
the full scope of what can be achieved with Shopify theme development.
If you're ready to take your Shopify theme development skills to the next level,
click on the next video,
and I'll see you on the inside.